critique is so limiting and emotionally
draining I hope you find something to
explain what's happening which one's
better one or two better worse no
different no different I am quite
curious to know II think I think sober
hasn't been good for him Pierce was in
the full bloom of alcoholism ear exactly
never should have quit drinking no
originality no courage I mean I can't
save you
and you just took them my family your
friends I can make you rich really
demand has people ready to kill I mean
as an artist and eventually DS the
artist used blood to create the reddish
block you ever notice anything about
this page look at it long enough it
moves
as I researched ears I'm starting to
think there's a disgust for the world of
money we've spent decades in a
psychiatric hospital for the criminally
insane
there is some sort of power
some spirits
it connected to his art
something truly goddamn strange is going
on this is a slaughterhouse
are you aware the diese ask that all is
art be destroyed
[Applause]
get rid of it
Oh
I can't save you
[Music]
people thought she was part of an
exhibit we're trending on Instagram it's
a major hit
[Music]